code-of-conduct.md, before:

## Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct

### Contributor Code of Conduct

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of fostering
an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who contribute
through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation,
submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression,
sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age,
religion, or nationality.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing other's private information, such as physical or electronic addresses,
 without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not
aligned to this Code of Conduct. By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers
commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect
of managing this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by
opening an issue or contacting one or more of the project maintainers.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant
(http://contributor-covenant.org), version 1.2.0, available at
http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/

### Kubernetes Events Code of Conduct

Kubernetes events are working conferences intended for professional networking and collaboration in the
Kubernetes community. Attendees are expected to behave according to professional standards and in accordance
with their employer's policies on appropriate workplace behavior.

While at Kubernetes events or related social networking opportunities, attendees should not engage in
discriminatory or offensive speech or actions regarding gender, sexuality, race, or religion. Speakers should
be especially aware of these concerns.

The Kubernetes team does not condone any statements by speakers contrary to these standards.  The Kubernetes
team reserves the right to deny entrance and/or eject from an event (without refund) any individual found to
be engaging in discriminatory or offensive speech or actions.

Please bring any concerns to the immediate attention of Kubernetes event staff


[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/code-of-conduct.md?pixel)]()

Commit message:

Update Community Code of Conduct
Update Community Code of Conduct from kubernetes/kubernetes-template-project

code-of-conduct.md, after:

## Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct

### Contributor Code of Conduct

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of fostering
an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who contribute
through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation,
submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression,
sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age,
religion, or nationality.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing other's private information, such as physical or electronic addresses,
 without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not
aligned to this Code of Conduct. By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers
commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect
of managing this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting a Kubernetes maintainer, Sarah Novotny <sarahnovotny@google.com>, and/or Dan Kohn <dan@linuxfoundation.org>.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant
(http://contributor-covenant.org), version 1.2.0, available at
http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/

### Kubernetes Events Code of Conduct

Kubernetes events are working conferences intended for professional networking and collaboration in the
Kubernetes community. Attendees are expected to behave according to professional standards and in accordance
with their employer's policies on appropriate workplace behavior.

While at Kubernetes events or related social networking opportunities, attendees should not engage in
discriminatory or offensive speech or actions regarding gender, sexuality, race, or religion. Speakers should
be especially aware of these concerns.

The Kubernetes team does not condone any statements by speakers contrary to these standards.  The Kubernetes
team reserves the right to deny entrance and/or eject from an event (without refund) any individual found to
be engaging in discriminatory or offensive speech or actions.

Please bring any concerns to the immediate attention of Kubernetes event staff.


[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/code-of-conduct.md?pixel)]()
